update readme (#272)
chriseth/powdr: README.md

# powdr

*powdr* is an extended polynomial identity (PIL) and zk-focused assembly (zkASM)

> language written in Rust, focused on modularity and extreme DevX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language written in Rust, focused on modularity and excellent developer experience.
```
